[Music]
this is the key cron k2 wireless now key
cron is a company is only a few years
old and it was formed by Google keyboard
enthusiasts the k2 wireless is their
most successfully funded keyboards on
Kickstarter and there's a good reason
for that
it starts at $69 it's a 75% keyboard
meaning it's a little bit smaller than
tkl it works in both wired and wireless
modes supports both Windows and Mac but
most importantly it's got this a
mechanical switch now everyone has been
raving about this thing online so
naturally I was curious to check it out
in person it's here in the studio and I
spend quite some time with it and I have
a few things that are concerning so
let's discuss about that right after
this the Sound Blaster x3 is the USB DAC
I've been waiting for that brings a
fantastic audio experience to your desk
with a clean mic input and powerful
headphone amplifier it connects via type
C and brings a new super X Phi sound
profile that beautifully recreates
multi-channel speaker setup for movies
at an affordable price alright so the
first thing that stood out to me was the
design from the outside it certainly
looks like a premium enthusiast keyboard
that's compact doesn't take up too much
space on your desk and I love the
Walmart great kick house the orange
escape key as a nice touch too though
you could swap it out for the regular
one with the included kit I'm certainly
not getting any gaming vibes with this
keyboard and I love that though you
could still use it for gaming if you
want to however upon close inspection I
noticed a few things that were really
concerning the first is that this is the
biggest keyboard I've ever encountered I
mean here's a shot compared to my custom
Varma low TTL keyboard and for fun sakes
I threw in the Logitech craft as well so
yeah the k2 is one thick boy and that
cost some serious strain on my wrists
you see the chassis on the k2 comes with
a flat base with key caps on top that
are slightly angled it does come with
angle adjustments but that makes it even
higher and as soon as I switch to the k2
I actually have difficulty reaching the
control and shift key at the bottom
because I was putting a lot more stress
to my pinky finger and my wrists just
weren't comfortable compared to my per
mil okey board which has an angled
chassis from top to bottom
and the key kept sort of aligned in that
direction making typing a lot more
comfortable on that versus the k2 now
the only solution to this was to get a
wrist rest because I like resting my
wrists on my desk man that's a tongue
twister anyways kee cron offers a walnut
wood palm rest for an extra twenty five
dollars and it looks and feels amazing
guys I'll be not as comfortable as those
membrane four materials found on gaming
keyboards it certainly eliminated some
of that strain for my pinky finger but I
still wish if he can't make the k2 a
little bit slimmer so I'm hoping that
they'll address that in the next
revision now you don't have to spend $25
on this exact same wrist rest a cheaper
option from Amazon should get the job
done
my point is getting the k2 as is without
a wrist rest might not be a great idea
because it just gets way too
uncomfortable to type on especially if
you're working in a smaller desk area
where the keyboard is sort of closer to
you again this could be a subjective
thing maybe you like thicker frames but
if you're coming from a low profile
keyboard and if you're thinking about
picking up the k2 I'd highly recommend
investing on an external wrist rest
because the last thing you want is your
wrist to start hurting which I'm
certainly kind of experiencing right now
so that sucks the toggles to switch
between wireless and wired mode are
located on the left side of the keyboard
the middle setting can be used to turn
off the keyboard to preserve battery
life if you plan on taking this on the
go the toggle right next to it is the
Windows and Mac switch option speaking
of Windows and Mac key cron does include
appropriate key camps for the respective
operating system and a key cap color as
well this keyboard uses USB type-c to
charge as well as connect to a system
but I'm not a huge fan of its placement
I would have preferred it to be at the
front for a more sleeker look but that
could just be me
however the cable that's included is
right angled so nothing to worry there
plus it is long enough to wrap behind
your PC now this wouldn't be a huge deal
breaker if you were using the k2
completely in Wireless mode but I was
sort of forced to use the k2 in Wired
mode because my desktop system for some
reason refused to pair with the key to
over bluetooth and I tried multiple
troubleshooting steps it just would not
work however I did manage to pair it up
with my Android smartphone and my razor
blade 15 and
functionality worked flawlessly in that
configuration they managed to pack a
four thousand milliamp hour battery
inside this case which I'm not surprised
considering how thick it is
now battery life is supposed to last for
three to five weeks on a regular setting
but if you enable RGB lighting it's set
to last for 20 to 80 hours depending on
the effect you have it on and the
brightness level so take that for what
it is unfortunately I wasn't able to
test battery life on this thing because
my desktop system just refused to work
with the k2 over Bluetooth mode I did
realize something as I was putting
together this video it would've been
really cool if ki Khan included a 2.4
gigahertz wireless receiver because that
way I wouldn't have to deal with you
know multiple issues with Blu to it
specifically because having a dedicated
wireless receiver gives you a much more
reliable connection than relying on
Bluetooth with desktop systems because
I'm not had the best chance or the best
luck with Bluetooth and Windows PCs
maybe it's a different story for you but
yeah that's just my little little
feedback but I want to know your
thoughts about that
moving on to build quality it's pretty
good considering the price I mean the
whole chassis is made out of plastic
materials but there's barely any flex
given how thick the frame is you can
pick this keyboard with an aluminum
frame for an extra 20 dollars but keep
in mind that that's just aluminum on the
sides rather than the whole case the key
caps are just your regular ABS plastic
materials but you can swap them out for
PBT double shots later on and the bottom
row is standardized I also really like
the font choice on the key caps and the
media playback controls are integrated
with a function row by default they act
as secondary keys but if you want to
make them primary simply hold function +
X + L for three seconds and you're good
to go
now that we're into keyboard shortcuts
let's quickly talk about a few other
features that they've implemented on the
k2
so in Bluetooth mode you can pair up to
3 devices and you can switch between
them by holding function + 1 or 2 or 3
this is really convenient if you're
switching between multiple systems at
the same time there's an auto sleep mode
built-in to preserve battery life so the
keyboard will basically go to sleep in
10 minutes of just idling but you can
disable that by just holding function +
S + o RGB lighting has made its way into
the k2 way
is understandable because there is a
market for that and it's a ten dollar
premium over the base $69 model that
only comes with white backlighting if I
were you I would just keep the RGB model
because it just doesn't suit the design
of the k2 white backlighting is the way
to go and it looks very subtle and
beautiful lb it doesn't get as bright as
some of the gaming keyboards on the
market I also keep note then the white
lighting isn't necessarily pure white it
up puts a cooler tone which surprisingly
complements the gray key caps now if you
still decide to go for RGB there is a
dedicated key located at the top right
hand corner of the board that cycles
between different lighting effects like
breathing reacting RGB wave the list
just goes on and if you want to change
the color of the effect you can just
simply do that by holding function and
he left and right arrow keys finally
let's talk about the switches now
keycard decided to opt for Gator on
instead of your traditional Cherry MX
style switches and they come in three
flavors so you can pick Gator on Browns
blues or rents a sample that I have over
here it comes with gear on brown
switches and there okay my personal
favorite switches are cherry MX speeds
because I love how fast and quiet they
are that being said these Gator on brown
switches offer a good balance between
tactility and speed there is a slight
tactile bump that's not as pronounced as
cherry Browns but I did notice a large
variation between switch feedback for
instance the enter key has an ollie and
a different tactile feedback than
backslash key I mean I will give you a
quick sample right there it just doesn't
sound consistent also some of the keys
like spacebar B and some other keys
they actually exhibit a metallic reverb
within the chassis and it's just really
it's just not that pleasing the spacebar
also Wombles a lot overall it just feels
like some of these switches wearing bend
and I certainly wasn't expecting that
for a $70 keyboard because if I look at
the competition the one keyboard that
comes into my mind is the key skill km
360 it's an excellent keyboard for the
size comes with amazing switches
cherries switches to be more precise and
it's only fifty dollars so what you get
for that is just a lot more superior at
least in terms of switch mechanisms and
the way how they feel compared to geek
okay - so to wrap up my thoughts on the
key cron k2 I like the design of this
board certainly is very compact and I
love the warmer pretty caps the font
choice is really nice also lighting well
I would necessarily get the RGB version
because just doesn't suit the design in
the first place white back lighting is
the way to go if you plan on picking
this up having bluetooth is also really
nice being able to switch between three
different devices though I wouldn't rely
it for gaming because the last thing you
want is having bluetooth connected
issues when you're in the middle of a
game place so just plug it in via wired
mode and you know get that done my
biggest issue is the thickness of this
keyboard it is just way too
uncomfortable to type on just with the
keyboard as this you certainly have to
invest in a wrist rest to eliminate some
of that strain from your wrists then
again it's still very thick also the
variation in terms of switches was also
a little bit concerning especially
getting that metallic reverb when you're
hitting some of these keys wasn't
pleasing at all so yeah overall it
didn't really impress me also keycards
official website says that it starts at
six nine dollars but they're selling it
on Amazon for $75 and the most expensive
option respect our version goes for
around $100 so yeah that ain't cheap
guys you see I'm excited for ki Kron as
a company and I'm looking forward to
what they have in the pipeline moving
forward but I'm also hoping that they'll
take some of the value of the feedback
that customers and everyone has and
address them in the next revision so
until then let me know what you guys
think about the k2 in fact if you own
one of these what has been your
experience like are you comfortable with
this sticker frame make sure to check
out some relevant content over here
subscribe hit that notification bell so
that you don't miss out on a new video
I'm signing off and I'll talk to you
guys
in x1 also before you guys start
commenting I should address that I ended
up cutting myself here as I was doing my
morning routines so yeah that's why you
see a little band-aid but I hope the
lighting sort of kind of faded it away
yeah I think I should invest in smaller
band-aids should I maybe I should I will
use one of the affiliate links for that